CIP Cyber and Physical Security Analyst
Texas Reliability Entity, Inc.
-
Austin, TX 78746
$70,000 - $90,000 a year
CIP Cyber and Physical Security Analyst

Summary of Responsibilities

The Critical Infrastructure Protection (CIP) Cyber and Physical Security Analyst is considered a mid-level candidate performing NERC Reliability Standard compliance engagements and other compliance program activities. The position is expected to have expertise in the areas of information technology, operational technology, security, electrical power industry, professional auditing, and risk-based compliance processes.

The CIP Cyber and Physical Security Analyst prepares and performs engagements in order to evaluate compliance with the NERC Reliability Standards. This position has significant contact with personnel who manage, operate, plan, and oversee generation, transmission, distribution, and cyber/physical security. The CIP Cyber and Physical Security Analyst ensures information obtained is consistent and accurate and prepares documentation and reports for the engaged NERC registered entity, NERC, FERC, Texas RE management, and the Texas RE Board. The CIP Cyber and Physical Security Analyst III works independently and in a team environment while reporting to the Manager, CIP Compliance Monitoring.

The CIP Cyber and Physical Security Analyst is also responsible for drafting engagement guidance, respond to formal questions, outreach, and training.

Job Duties

Plans, supports, and conducts engagements required for security and reliability issues as a subject matter expert. Maintains confidentiality of evidence, findings, reports, and any other records.
Review, initiate, and update risk-based compliance processes jointly with other staff, NERC, and staff from other regions. Ensure selected requirements are valid, measurable reliability concerns and ensure measurement processes are fair and can be administered consistently.
Ensure procedures, templates and other risk-based compliance monitoring materials are maintained, up to date, and Texas RE staff is made are aware of any approved changes
Communicate program requirements to NERC registered entities through presentations at informational meetings, website postings, and other venues.
Review changes to all NERC Reliability Standards, policies, and related material for impact on the risk-based compliance program.
Use computer systems to obtain logs, real time information, operational records and other data for reliability and security compliance needs. Maintain working knowledge of databases, SharePoint, OSI PI software, and other data systems.
Process collected data as necessary for risk-based compliance monitoring and assessment. Perform statistical, logical or other mathematical analysis as needed.
Develop accurate, concise reports and presentations, as directed, on engagements, activities, findings and needs of the program for Texas RE, registered entities (where applicable) and NERC.
Develop project requests and interface with other groups to implement and track progress on projects needed by the department.
Work independently, productively and follow through on all responsibilities to bring projects to a successful conclusion.
Provides input for, support of, and delivery of training risk-based compliance monitoring staff.
Represents Texas RE in working groups/task forces as assigned.
Perform other duties as assigned.
Ability to travel up to 30%.
General Job Requirements

Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or Engineering field of study or six years applicable experience
Minimum of 2 – 5 years in excess of degree requirements stated above of progressively responsible experience
Problem solving skills
Organizational skills
Presentation skills
Interpersonal, verbal, and written communication skills
Functional/technical skills
Technical learning ability
Preferred Job Skills

One of the following active certifications:
Security: CISM, CISSP, CEH, CCNA, PSP
Audit: CIA, CQA, CGAP, CCSA, CISA
Knowledge of SCADA or distributed control systems and other utility IT systems.
Strong understanding of grid operations with an emphasis on reliability or security
Ability to use specialized applications for IT security, power system modeling, analysis, and/or energy management systems.
Experience with physical security, network infrastructure, and security related tools such as whitelisting, IDS/IPS, antimalware, patch management, baselining, SIEM, access control, and firewalls.
Understanding of formal internal, second party, or third party audits (e.g. AICPA, CQA, SAS 70, COSO, Sarbanes-Oxley, Malcolm Baldrige, ISO 9000, ISO 14000, TS16949).
Understanding of security frameworks such as NIST, COBIT, ISO/IEC.
Additional Information for Applicants

Background checks (including criminal history and drug screening, education and employment verification) will be conducted prior to employment.
Certain positions require travel outside the U.S.; valid passport necessary for those positions.
Texas RE has restrictions on employee and employee’s household members’ employment and financial relationships with NERC registered entities. Additional details furnished upon request.
Job Type: Full-time

Salary: $70,000.00 to $90,000.00 /year

Experience:

SCADA or other utilty IT systems: 1 year (Preferred)
cyber and physical security: 2 years (Required)
grid operations with an emphasis on reliability or security: 1 year (Preferred)
Education:

Bachelor's (Required)
Location:

Austin, TX (Required)
License:

CISM, CISSP, CEH, CCNA, PSP (Preferred)
CIA, CQA, CGAP, CCSA, CISA (Preferred)
Work authorization:

United States (Required)
Required travel:

25% (Required)
Work Location:

One location
On the road
Benefits:

Health insurance
Dental insurance
Vision insurance
Retirement plan
Paid time off
Relocation assistance
Professional development assistance
Tuition reimbursement
Flexible schedule
This Company Describes Its Culture as:

Detail-oriented -- quality and precision-focused
Outcome-oriented -- results-focused with strong performance culture
Team-oriented -- cooperative and collaborative
Schedule::

Monday to Friday

https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?cmp=Texas-Reliability-Entity%2C-Inc.&t=Cip+Cyber+Physical+Security+Analyst&jk=01eb78fe6d1a7a13&sjdu=QwrRXKrqZ3CNX5W-O9jEvU_HBrMUbJsi__QJBGZF0ssPfb0HQgLZEifjQYL1bhbTqtkqxP3-_jj-TjFy-th9716rSgJ1fiQ3qAEsi3xMxec_SN0zUdcqGUg9XytDrTtV&tk=1dn6soljf345e001&adid=282003056&pub=4a1b367933fd867b19b072952f68dceb&vjs=3
