Cybersecurity SOC Analyst
AT&T
38,595 reviews
-
Austin, TX
Help us defend the world on the digital Frontier! AT&T Cyber Security is growing and looking to add motivated, experienced SOC Analysts to our team in Austin. Our SOC Analysts have a mind for security, deep analytics, and bias toward action. If you’re looking for a career with a great team, let’s talk!

You will work within the Security Operation and Analysis Center (SOAC), in Austin. This is a Tier 1 position and provides 24x7 coverage, continuous monitoring, and initial analysis of alarms based on a thorough set of case best practices. You will be responsible for engaging the customer and supporting the team to help us deliver seamless security.

AlienVault has recently joined forces to create the new AT&T CyberSecurity. As a member of AT&T CyberSecurity, you will be entering an exciting growth stage company as we strive to provide Phenomenal Threat Information, Detection, and Security for customers worldwide!
What we are looking to add to our team:
Voracious learner and strong bias towards applying learning to action mindset
Experience identifying and responding to potential threats and risks in a 24/7/365 SOC environment. This includes:
monitoring multiple platforms and processing alarms based on standard methods and procedures while upholding the time-sensitive service level agreements of the projects

managing the initial phase of customer escalations and investigations, and being the communications glue between our team and the customers
conducting log queries to assist customer requests and tiered support
Deep curiosity and ability to analyze & monitor current SIEM rules. You possess the knowledge to identify and communicate opportunities to enhance rules, reduce false positives, and escalate to support tiers if tuning is needed
Preferred experience with the following technologies: USM, elastic search, and SNORT
Familiarity with one or more programming languages to include: Python, PowerShell, and BASH

We want to know you better if:
2-3 years experience and proven track record as a SOC or Network Analyst (w/security experience)
Strong team player and proven track record of making it happen
US Citizen
HSPD-12 Suitability Screening
Associates or Bachelor of Science degree in the field of Computer science, Computer engineering, information technology, or Cybersecurity.
CompTIA Security+
AVSE Certification

Additional Certifications Preferred:
Cisco CCNA Cyber Ops
CompTIA Linux +
CompTIA Cybersecurity Analyst+
GIAC Certified Intrusion Analyst (GCIA)
GIAC Certified Forensic Analyst (GCFA)
AWS Certified Security – Specialty
Microsoft Azure Security Technologies Certified
About Us:

We are the new AT&T Cybersecurity! Our Edge-to-Edge technologies provide phenomenal threat intelligence, collaborative defense, security without the seams, and solutions that fit our customer’s business. Our unique, collaborative approach integrates best-of-breed technologies with unrivaled network visibility and actionable threat intelligence from AT&T Alien Labs researchers, Security Operations Center analysts, and machine learning – helping to enable our customers around the globe to anticipate and act on threats to protect their business.
The Perks:
Be part of a dynamic growing company that offers a meaningful and fun work environment
Comprehensive Total Rewards Package (Salary + Bonus incentives)
Comprehensive PPO/HMO Medical/Dental/Vision
Paid: PTO, Sick Leave, Maternity/Paternity Leave, Service Day
Adoption & Surrogacy programs
401k + 100% matching up to 6%
Educational opportunities & Tuition Reimbursement
AT&T service discounts
AT&T service referral programs
Numerous industry awards and is recognized as a visionary in the industry
Strong year-over-year growth and a rapidly-growing customer base

At AT&T CyberSecurity we celebrate and support the differences that make you, you. We are proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and employer. We truly believe that diversity makes us better!
Leadership Competencies
AT&T Extraordinary Leader Model represents the leadership characteristics we all need to demonstrate to drive business performance and make AT&T a great place to work! Click here to view the Leadership Competencies associated with this Job.
AT&T - 30+ days ago - save jobreport job
